hey YouTube what's up Dave here but you
know they're modern warfare 2 gameplay
today I have a team deathmatch on crash
I'm planning the team deathmatch express
playlist god I've been playing that
playlist a lot lately are seems like
whenever I playing this playlist it uh I
don't get thrown into the middle of a
game which really frustrates me when I
get thrown into the middle of the game
when their team it's just the team was
like chopper gunners and they c-130s and
stuff in the air and this it's not fun
because this get destroyed ah good dip
and crash respond on the side throw us
done over the dumpster and then hop on
top of it and you can usually catch a
couple guys trying to go into the
three-story that's not another guy run
behind the corner so I threw some text
again and now my whole team's in the
three story so I should have expected
somebody to flank which you can see I
got flank right there what whatever all
I spawn get another quick death right
there using slide and perot some felpro
ninja pro sweat hand pro i always use
with the m16 and famas and fio stuff
like that because i want to get the jump
on people who have like automatic guns
because automatic owns you can start
firing from the hip before you aim down
the site which i do a lot but with burst
and single fire weapons it doesn't stop
as effective so slide hand pro a me down
the site gives you a good advantage on
them serum does sitting with you would
be picking some kids off with the
Vermont or with m16 i'm using the
holographic on it because holographic
actually ads accuracy and my head damage
i'm not positive but I no ads accuracy
so that's why I was a using it
ah I heard that somewhere and I found it
to be true so if you're using the rent
down the m16 you should try out the
holographic sight I've noticed a pretty
big improvement so luckily some kids on
the team using the IV so I can no one
kids are kind of behind me this pop on
the brick wall isn't a very good spot I
shouldn't have stayed here very long can
I got stuck buying it's not really good
spot to get kills good spots a three
story and the blue room right here
usually where the main action will take
place and you can build up your kills
I'll get that guy and I still think
there's a gap here but I think my
teammate killed him so I was just trying
to see through he was up there I'll call
him I paid well now just because my hair
has been gone for a while and I was
hoping they didn't have any stinger
classes out so now ur support doesn't
really get that many kills this game
it's a couple but not really significant
amount i say my team at to life right
there and get a kind of cool double
sprit I don't we'd call it double kill
but couldn't even see the other guy it's
like a collateral kind of thing trying
to pick up as at the spawn couple my
final stand in last and not sure which
one but just picking kids off almost
that ammo so I'm trying to trying to
move slowly and preserved amo not
wanting to miss and I got a couple more
guys with my last couple bursts and
running around my ppt Dasom which is a
really good reliable secondary I'd use
it with a silencer until you get the
extended mags on it and then the
extended mags and it is really powerful
probably better than a few of the SMGs
it probably could be an SMG primary so I
pick up an ak-47 i'm going to use them
split hand or a lot more in most of my
classes lately and just pick up guns
when i run out of ammo because sign and
pro in a game where you die really
quickly from like a couple bullets
having the advantage a me down the site
clicker really gives you
advantage over the other players and the
reloading helps when you run into
multiple people so thank you four sevens
my favorite guns you see my other videos
you probably know that and I pick up
lock up guys with it and just try to
move into their spawn like them but
teammates are doing pretty good this
game so oh they're getting a lot of
kills I hadn't heard of like them but I
would have thought they'd still be
spotting over here but apparently they
weren't and this death how I get hit
markers on that guy and then you just
like walks anda lunches at me while I'm
on the ground seems like the night just
like its magnetic and just goes straight
to my body wherever I am like that's why
I think it's like kind of cheap not just
cuz of the launch it just seems like it
that goes I get you mag I don't know
what the word to say like it mag
magnetizes something I don't know guys
can tell me the comments what word i'm
looking for like magnetizes set of
people and if they're like behind here
to the side you Otis like instantly go
to them and that's why I think it's kind
of cheap no
you can a good spot a good thing to do
is turn eight over that put those trees
I should have checked the corner first
but if you throw a grenade over those
trees if I go into the alley behind in
that blue room and there's usually a lot
of traffic you back there and get a
couple kills here's a bunch of epic
fails with my I'm 16 which I like five
worst from people they're all like
falling dead and didn't get any markers
so my team it's for coming I'm gonna get
that one guy and I hear all I couldn't
shoot right away because I was switching
back guns I don't know why switch comes
in the first place but then I get a
knife because it wouldnt let me shoot
right away and it seems like I always
getting life because I planned tactical
why a and B is nice when I plan tactical
a up because I just like being in blue
crouch easier like having that
thumbsticks control all the body
movements instead of crouching being be
that's why I like playing on tactical um
and I don't really night that much so
the games wander down got my last couple
kills final score I believe was
something around 30 and five she's a
pretty good score um so please remember
to rate comment and subscribe see you
all in my next video peace
Oh